docs(crypto): update important note. (#1400)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.12.1/important-notes/_index.md

**Live migration restriction**: Encrypted migratable volumes cannot be live-migrated when using an engine image with a CLI API version older than 12 (pre-v1.12 engine images). Upgrade the engine image to v1.12 or later before attempting live migration of encrypted volumes.

> This behavior after upgrading to Longhorn v{{< current-version >}} or later differs depending on the data engine and when the volume was created:

Reviewer: The title is missing. In addition, readers are unable to understand what happened from the sentences. Please give a brief information in the sentences.

Author: Modified. Thanks.

- **Existing encrypted V2 volumes**: V2 volumes created before Longhorn v{{< current-version >}} will not have the extra 16 MiB LUKS2 header extended, even after upgrading to Longhorn v{{< current-version >}} or later.

> - **Existing encrypted V1 volumes**: V1 volumes created in Longhorn v1.11.x or older can have the extra 16 MiB LUKS2 header extended by upgrading the engine image to Longhorn v1.12.x or newer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This behavior after upgrading to Longhorn v{{< current-version >}} or later differs depending on the data engine and on when the volume was created:

- **Existing encrypted V2 volumes**: V2 volumes created before Longhorn v{{< current-version >}} do not have the extra 16 MiB LUKS2 header extended, even after upgrading to Longhorn v{{< current-version >}} or later.
- **Existing encrypted V1 volumes**: V1 volumes created in Longhorn v1.11.x or earlier can have the extra 16 MiB LUKS2 header extended by upgrading the engine image to Longhorn v1.12.x or later.
```

Author: Modified. Thanks.
